Revamp "docker" image docs, especially for TLS (#1538)
docker-library/docs: docker/content.md

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/24707.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/24707)

## TLS

> Starting in 18.09+, the `dind` variants of this image will automatically generate TLS certificates the directory specified by the `DOCKER_TLS_CERTDIR` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 18.09+, the `dind` variants of this image will automatically generate TLS certificates in the directory specified by the `DOCKER_TLS_CERTDIR` environment variable.
```

> **Warning:** in 18.09, this behavior is disabled by default (for compatibility) but can be enabled by setting the variable to an appropriate value (`-e DOCKER_TLS_CERTDIR=/certs` or similar). In 19.03+, this behavior is enabled by default.

Reviewer: Maybe keep the previous security warning:
```suggestion
**Warning:** in 18.09, this behavior is disabled by default (for compatibility). If you use `--network=host`, shared network namespaces (as in Kubernetes pods), or otherwise have network access to the container (including containers started within the `dind` instance via their gateway interface), this is a potential security issue (which can lead to access to the host system, for example). It is recommended to enable TLS by setting the variable to an appropriate value (`-e DOCKER_TLS_CERTDIR=/certs` or similar). In 19.03+, this behavior is enabled by default.
```
